docs: add a mention of Terraform provider in MateriaDB KV page (#256)
CleverCloud/documentation: content/doc/addons/materia-db-kv.md

source <(clever addon env addon_4997cfe3-f104-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxx -F shell)
redis-cli -h $KV_HOST -p $KV_PORT --tls
```

> You can also deploy MateriaDB KV add-ons with [our Terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CleverCloud/clevercloud/latest/docs/resources/materiadb_kv) (OpenTofu compatible).

Author: ```suggestion
You can also deploy MateriaDB KV add-ons with [Clever Cloud Terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CleverCloud/clevercloud/latest/docs/resources/materiadb_kv) (OpenTofu compatible).
```
